what is up guys gunslinger dusty along
with total suffering and yeah we're
gonna go ahead and show you guys how to
duplicate items for the Xbox 360 version
pretty sure well I assume it worked for
PC don't really know but yeah that's it
alright so we're gonna do I'm gonna go
to trade you can have either person
initiate the trade then you're gonna
offer what you want to do we're gonna go
ahead and do gold cuz it's just
practical and then we're going to go
ahead and for this video we're going to
do some gems but you can duplicate
weapons or other items like we
duplicated potions because again that is
just practical to do so we'll go ahead
and give him that let's offer up our
items go to our gems for up a flawless
Ruby a regular topaz and you said just
amethyst right you don't need emerald or
do you okay oh and I just actually Wow
like an idiot let's go ahead and do this
so don't do that because I'm retard so
basically what you do guys is you you
create your trade you offer up gold
items whatever you're going to offer and
then you have both people accept and as
soon as the trade is complete you are
going to sign out now you can't do this
with two controllers instead of two
separate people you know that's
basically it you just have to kind of
act fast before it auto-saves because
that's that means it will not work are
you ready go ahead and accept it and I
will accept and it initiates we're going
to quickly sign out X button to sign out
yes and that's basically it for the
glitch and as soon as you are signed out
you can go ahead and sign back in run
through our little accounts I have a
bunch of them because I have like 5,000
kids sign back in
and that's all there is to the glitch
now your other person your friend or
your second controller will have all the
items let's go ahead and sign back in
I'm going to go back to totals game join
party cannot enter until he leaves the
pause menu we probably forgot come on
get out
freakin paws menu and that's basically
it now what we usually do once you've
traded that both people will have the
item are you still it paused can't doing
you now once now once you've done the
glitch guys you you will still you will
still have the original item and
obviously the other person has it as
well the thing that you kinda have to
pay attention to is the saved thing if
it saves it will not work now once you
have done it and you have traded it you
both have it you're going to have you're
going to go ahead and initiate another
trade however you're going to have the
other person trade all those items back
to you and then you're going to save and
quit what this does is it forces the
same good don't don't treat me the goal
just go ahead and trade me the gems and
we don't need the gold and just take
forever so we will take take our gems
while strolling one
oh it just doesn't show it on there
gotcha all right so I think that's
everything so we will accept so now that
we have all the items we will go ahead
and save and quit so that it makes sure
that we have those items and that is
basically it then you will go ahead and
go back into the game you know if you
have if it's a second player obviously
you just join back with the second
player your friend whatever we just go
back in and that's it so you're
basically just trading and then quickly
signing out so that you beat the
autosave and then once you have
successfully duplicated those items you
will come back in and you will both have
them trade them back save it and do it
again so one more time let's go ahead
and duplicate these items and that's not
nice
Oh
there's that that's
and
here a both accept and sign out and that
is it guys that is the duplication
glitch for Diablo 3 xbox 360 version you
can do that with gold pretty much any
item that I know and yeah it is if you
liked this video you found it helpful
please like rate share subscribe and
consider watching our let's play I think
it's pretty entertaining I tried to do
my best to edit them and make them not
so boring that that's it guys I will
catch you guys in another video God
blessing comes in or out